---
title: Collaboration and Survey Revision
parent: COVID Symptom Survey
nav_order: 1
---

# Collaboration and Survey Revision

Delphi continues to revise the COVID-19 Symptom Survey instruments in order to
prioritize items that have the greatest utility for the response to the COVID-19
pandemic. We conduct revisions in collaboration with data users, fellow
researchers, and public health officials, to ensure the survey data best serves
public health and research goals.

### Current Data Use Survey

To allow us to better collaborate with our academic and non-profit research
partners, we ask that you complete [this short
checklist](http://cmu.ca1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_dnSQYuQZDkQhJ3f) of the
questions currently on the CMU Delphi US symptom survey. This inquiry only needs
to be completed by one member of your project team. You can complete it again at
any time there are variables from this survey you'd like to add to your project.

This will allow us to update you of any upcoming plans for revisions or change
to the current variables, prioritize the questions that are currently in use,
alleviate some response burden by eliminating unused questions, and allow us to
connect with current data users regarding their research interests and areas of
expertise.

### Proposing Revisions

If there is a revision or question you would like us to consider, please fill
out [this form requesting details about your
proposal](https://forms.gle/q6NS8fPJJofKQ9mM8). This request can be submitted by
researchers regardless of whether they have a signed Data Use Agreement for the
individual responses to the COVID Symptom Survey.

## Collaboration Meetings

Collaboration in this ongoing effort is our priority. Delphi hosts a
collaboration meeting the first Friday of each month at 2â€“3pm ET. The meeting is
a chance to announce upcoming changes to the survey, have a discussion and get
input about the instrument, share preliminary findings and network with other
researchers.

If you're interested in joining, contact us at
<delphi-survey-info@lists.andrew.cmu.edu>.
